Jeremy Rosenfeld


Jeremy (j eh – r uh – m ee) Rosenfeld (R OH – z uh n – f eh l d)


Prior to Hack Reactor, I finished a Bachelors Degree in Materials Science at UC San Diego last June, and traveled to Boston and Japan.


I am from Santa Monica, CA and now am living in San Francisco


I am interested in the use of big data tools for investment management, and business intelligence, software tools for social media, advertising, precision
measurements, and food, as well as the use of nanotechnology for electronics, energy, and the environment,


I am familiar with Matlab, Python, Java, and unix.


I like animals, mainly dogs and cats. At home, I have a cat that likes to sit on top of our airport express to keep warmth, and turn on the faucet to drink water, a corgi who likes to walk on the dish washer and lick plates, and another dog that likes to swim in the pool, bark at bubbles, and dig holes.




Arun Vasudevan


Arun (AR-OO-N) Vasudevan (VASOO-THEY-VUN)


Before Hack Reactor, I was in Finance (trading and analysis).


I live in the South Bay, in Mountain View.


I love apps, building high performance PCs, content creation (photo/video editing), and want to become an app-preneur!


I have some basic HTML, CSS, and WordPress experience have built and customized several websites using WordPress. No JS experience before HR.


A few things that I like are: driving, cricket, PC gaming, ping pong, and astronomy/cosmology.




Sofia Berlin


Sofia Berlin. Like Germany.


Taking a break from academia for a couple years. Getting settled in the bay area. Playing with adorable puppies.


Oakland!


Natural language processing, machine learning, building apps to help with mental health :)


Lots of python. Lots of theoretical stuff: NLP, ML, algorithms, a thesis in sentiment analysis. A computer science degree. Summer internship with Rails. Mostly new to software development and javascript/css/html/etc!


I love dancing: blues, salsa, tango, fusion. I love puppies! Been spending a lot of time walking dogs for people. I have a travel addiction. I love linguistics (my other major). Purple is the best color. I enjoy spontaneity, adventure, and am a highly skilled cuddler.




Andrew Ho


Andrew Ho


I graduated with a business degree from UC Berkeley in 2013. After that, I worked at eBay/PayPal for about 2 years. I left in December to join HR!


I'm coming from Hayward just 30 minutes away!
￼

I really want to explore artificial intelligence and machine learning.


While I was at Berkeley, I took a few programming courses in Python, C++, and Java. Also, I built an WiFi enabled, LED lamp (kind of like the Phillips Hue) and built a website to control it. At eBay, I had a nontechnical business role, but I was given an opportunity to make small changes to internal web apps.


I love making music I used to play clarinet in the Cal Marching Band, and now I'm experimenting with electronic music. 




Reina Mei


Reina Mei. (rain-uh may)


I'm taking a year off from college. I've been trying to learn iOS and enjoying the soon-to-be-ended luxury of going to bed at 4am and sleeping past noon.


New Haven, CT


I know very little about specific fields in tech, but overall anything that makes people's lives better or more interesting. I think VR goggles are awesome!


A little bit of Python and Swift. Also very basic Stata learned in an econometrics class. Aversion to CSS.


I'd like to have at least two cats. I'd also like to travel more once I'm able to support myself. However, not all flights and hotels are pet friendly. Ugh we'll see.




Michael Balarezo


Michael Balarezo (bal-uh-reh-zo)


BA in Humanities from FIU with a focus in philosophy, greek literature and art history.
Worked high fashion retail in Miami, LA and NYC for a few years.
Moved to OKC and started an amazing family. :)
Was a project manager at a small retail/tech startup in OKC for a few years and then discovered HR. YAY!


Oklahoma City, OK.


AI, automotive systems, and software with the purpose of shaping our future.


Some HTML and C++ in high school but that was forever ago. A few Wordpress sites for friends and family.
Dabble in Python, Ruby and Swift.


Love figuring out how things work. Slightly OCD. Owned / restored a few vintage Vespas and a ’66 Mustang. Have a black belt in Kenpo. LOVE mountain biking. Mess around with the bass guitar and have fun with photography. www.daftbooth.com




Wilson Yu


Wilson Yu ("you")


Worked at Wells Fargo as a Personal Banker. Quit just to study for HR.


Milpitas, CA (right next to San Jose) Little innovative things that make you wonder "why didn't anyone think of this before"


None at all


Play Ping Pong for fun, some video games, trying to learn a few magic tricks as a hobby.




Dylan Tran


Dylan Tran


I graduated from NYU in May, philosophy with a chem minor, and have been pretty much prepping for HR since then.


Irvine, CA, a suburb about an hour south of LA


It might seem a little overplayed at this point but I think bitcoin is pretty neat.


Not much before May, I do play lots of video games though :D


I cut my hair about a month ago for the first time since summer 2013 to clean up for HR.




Chris Johnson


I'm Chris Johnson.
the pronunciation is pretty straightforward: k-ris john son Just Chris is fine though.


Before HR, I majored in Biochemistry at Colorado College.
After graduation I found a job in Pharma manufacture.
I went from that to the Max Planck Florida Institute for Neuroscience. My experience with research made me want to do something else for a career and I studied programming for the last year to prepare for this boot camp.


My last move was from Denver, CO. I'm interested in VR and its potential￼￼as an educational tool.


My coding experience comes from a year of self-study and the telegraph-prep course. I can't wait to see what I can do at the end of this class.


I'm always looking for a challenge, especially learning new skills.
If you've got an obscure talent I'll probably bug you for a lesson at some point.


My love of doing anything active outside is constantly at war with my love of video games, sci-fi and fantasy.



Kenneth Montgomery


Kenneth Montgomery


I have been working as a mechanical engineer. Left the pump slinging life to pursue something closer to my interests.


Houston, TX


Unity, Oculus, cryptography, embedded systems


prior experience in matlab


My most recently acquired hobby is mountain biking. My main recurring hobbies are hiking, cooking, exercise/nutrition, ultimate frisbee, poker, gaming and meditation.




Mark Tyneway


Mark Tyneway pronounced Tine way


Before Hack Reactor, I was a neuroscience student at SUNY Binghamton in Upstate NY. I was working on rodent models of addiction and adolescent drug exposure.


I am coming from Binghamton, NY. Its a small Upstate NY town but was once home of IBM!


I am really interested in using technology to enable healthy lifestyles. I am curious about the Quantified Self movement and would like to eventually learn machine learning techniques and apply them to behavioral data.


I have dabbled in Python with pandas, matplotlib and Jupyter over the last couple of years. Went to my University's hackathon and had a great time trying to build an app, which my roommate did most of the work as he was a CS PhD student. The language that I am currently most comfortable with is JavaScript.


I love having deep conversations about all sorts of things from the mind to Elon Musk to the future to politics or really anything. I chronically work out and love music of all sorts. Listening to The Steve Kimock Band as I type this!




Brandon Ramirez


Brandon Ramirez (bran-duhn)


Traveling... backpacking South America. Climbing in different parts of Texas, Colorado (and also Ecuador which was awesome). Before that leading product for 2+ years at a tech startup that I co-founded with a friend from college. Prior to that I worked as a PM at Microsoft and lived up in Seattle. I'm from Southern California originally.


Austin, TX


Interested in "universal" JavaScript, React, machine learning, connected devices.


I took a data structures class in college and it was easily my worst subject (I never once was in the same room as a professor AND a computer at the same time)... I've been working around brilliant software engineers for the last ~5 years though, so have picked up some by way of osmosis, and this time around am enjoying coding a lot more!


Hmmm... I'm a fan of learning/ trying new things, so I tend to read a lot. One random thing I never thought I would try was this past year I learned swing dancing and "two-step" so I could non-ironically have fun at some of Austin's local favorite bars. I also recently tried out MIG welding and milling (manual, not CNC) which were both pretty cool.




Brandon Courtney


Brandon Courtney


Grew up in Chico, CA (~ 3 hrs north of SF). Studied finance at Gonzaga University. Worked in Chico in healthcare ~ 2.5 years specifically on an ambulance; realized I wanted something different out of life so I decided to dedicate myself to getting into a js bootcamp. Reasoning that I could prepare anywhere and that many places were cheaper than California I left the US. Ended up living in Peru 11 months. Got back 4 days ago.


Chico, CA or Arequipa, Peru depending...

Three areas: 1.) Anywhere tech and finance overlap 2.) Some app ideas I have 3.) IOT especially Aquaponics (if you don't know what that is, youtube it)


Some classes I took from Thinkful.com other than that none.


I ran track in college so I love fitness in general and running in particular. I enjoy rockclimbing, traveling and anything in the mountains.




Genevieve Sublette


Genevieve Sublette ("jen-uh-veev" "suh-BLET")


I grew up in the suburbs of LA, got my BA in English from UC Berkeley, and have worked in marketing and nonprofit in the bay area for most of my career.


Oakland, CA


AI & machine learning, apps, cryptography.


I picked up some HTML and CSS through my jobs in marketing, which led me to take some online coding tutorials when I learned about HR. I'm most comfortable with JavaScript but have dabbled a little bit in Python and Ruby.


I love doing anything that brings me outside hiking, biking, and skiing especially. Other interests include reading, travel, meditation, and I recently took up rock climbing. I'm also a huge Dodgers fan!




Joel Aguero


Joel Aguero (joal ah-gwair-oh)


Studied political science and product design in college (Stanford)
Then went to work at a couple startups (Nextdoor.com, then Coursera)
Currently still at Coursera working as a Product Designer!


San Francisco :D


Machine Learning, games, changing human behavior with technology, learning/edtech, rapid app development


HTML, CSS, and some JS
A few courses in Java, C++, and Ruby/Rails in college Random side projects like my design portfolio


I like teaching a lot and am currently working on a Skillshare course re: app design.
I've got two cats!
I want to start a youtube channel with design tips and guidance for high schoolers and college students. I have been looking forward to doing a programming bootcamp for a while!




Chris Lardizabal


Chris Lardizabal (lar-dee-SAW-bul)


Before moving back home to San Francisco last year: I did my BS in Computer Engineering at UC Santa Cruz, then moved to San Jose and worked for 3 years as an ASIC Design Engineer (Application Specific Integrated Chip, not the shoes).


San Francisco


Computer hardware, Android phones, mobile apps, AI, sports data analytics, machine learning, robotics, spacex


My first two years in college I was majoring in CS: Game Design and learned Java and dabbled in some C#. Later I decided I wanted to build autonomous robots instead and learned C for programming microcontrollers. I've also played around with Perl and Python and I want to get better at using sed and awk.


I was born and raised in San Francisco. Some things I've never done in SF (but hope to do one day): Academy of Science Nightlife, walk across the Golden Gate Bridge, ride a cable car... More random: I like pepperoni pizza, sour beer, staying fit, going to music festivals, and I still make mp3 CDs for my car.




Jen Wong


Jen Wong


I worked as a Forest Firefighter in Australia and Canada and was part of a team that rappelled from helicopters into fires. Last year I was hired as a Technical Writer at Couchsurfing and moved to SF. I have an Honors degree in Political Science and Professional Writing.


Originally from Vancouver, but currently living in the Mission.


My favourite pie is Raspberry Pi.


Mostly Javascript, with a little Swift and Ruby.


I like hill sprints, love my electric skateboard, did a self-sustained 21 day solo kayak expedition in Haida Gwaii, went to early French immersion, and have an alarming passion for Tartine croissants.




Nemo Baker


Nemo Baker


After studying business at the University of Southern California, I moved up to the bay to work for a healthcare consulting company.


Berkeley, CA


Mindfulness/Mental Health apps, EdTech, games


Very little mostly self-taught and practice through Telegraph Prep


I chose my current apartment based on it's proximity to a Domino's Pizza




Alexander Turinske


Alexander (al-ex-an-der) James (jay-ms) Turinske (tur-in-ski)


Everything that I was up to before Hack Reactor?!?! Okay; I'll give it a shot: born on June 5, 1989 as the youngest of two, had a childhood full of horses, in middle school I was the kid wearing only clothes that were made from wind-breaker material, crashed a car when I was in high school so I had an excuse to be late for school, went to college for physics, worked in technical support for ~2yrs for an industrial automation distributor, and am now freezing in Wisconsin waiting for HR to start.


Milwaukee, WI


I was really into hardware and built computers, but as technical support, I did some work with firmware and controlling hardware via the internet, which I think is neat. Interested in web applications that interact with/control hardware. Also databases sound pretty alright in my book.


One semester of Visual Basic five years ago and I was teaching myself Java before hearing about HR and switching to JS. I probably know just as much about Java as I know about JS right now; maybe I should make Android Apps? Idk.


Here are some random things about me: I like running, hiking, bicycling, kayaking, bouldering, and camping, I don't like baking because I am bad at it, I have just recently gotten really good at headstands, I listen to music, but am terrible at remembering lyrics, and I made non-bag popcorn on the stovetop for the first time last night.




Will Wheeler


Will Wheeler (Sounds just like it's spelled)


I was working at a local retail nursery and working as an independent gardener until 2002, when I quit and decided to go traveling in Europe and concentrate on my fiddle playing. My most recent adventure was in Montréal where I spent three months learning some French and their local folk style.


Berkeley, CA


I'm pretty broad in my interests, nothing specific. What I really like is the process of creative problem solving!


A while ago I had job doing some VBScript coding for a year and I have been coding as a hobby every since. I also have some experience with PHP, Javascript, MySql and a little Linux administration.


In addition to playing Guitar and Fiddle, I play the Swedish Nyckelharpa. I mostly play for Contra Dances and Irish Dances locally.




David Gilroy


David Gilroy


I was a business student at USC. After that I worked in sales for a while at a startup in San Diego. Most recently though I was an editor for a few local tv shows and director at a radio station.


San Diego


Cybersecurity, IoT, cryptography, games


Self taught HTML and CSS and some Python. Took a few classes for Visual Basic and C++.


Some things I really enjoy: surfing, snowboarding, golf, hiking, music festivals, guitar, movies, pretty much anything science or tech related




Dylan Kuang


Dylan Kuang (Ku-ong)


I finished a Biochemistry degree at UCLA where I did a lot of clinical work and helped lead the campus bike shop.


Born/raised in San Francisco, back in San Francisco living at home.


Car tech (everything about cars), AI, gaming, and hacking.


Very noob, started last October... I only know JS, HTML, and CSS, but I spend a good amount of time everyday self-studying.


I gained 20 pounds the within first month I started learning programming.
I'm into cars, bikes (let me know if you need a tune up!), LoL, good food, gymming, playing basketball, and coding!




Jovani Martinez Rico


Jovani Martinez


I graduated as a Computer Engineer from UNAM of Mexico. After that, I worked at Avon Cosmetics for about a year and a half.


Mexico City


Machine Learning, Algorithms and Security


I am familiar with Java and Self taught HTML, CSS and￼JavaScript.


I really like to play tennis, love dancing tropical music like salsa




Claire Hsu


Claire Hsu (the 'h' is silent)


I've been working on food policy issues at an NGO in China.


New York, by way of Beijing, China.


Apps, AI, cyber security, Stephen Hawking's predictions.


A little Interactive C (Lego robots rock!), Visual Basic (for judo chopping my way through Microsoft Word conundrums), and some SQL, JavaScript, HTML, CSS.


I am really enjoying hiking around San Francisco and reading Ancillary Justice right now.




John Zuccarelli


John Zuccarelli (Zook-uh-relly)


I recently graduated from University Of Central Florida studying accounting and finance


Boca Raton, FL


Web and mobile app development


A little bit of python!


Long walks on the beach, candle light dinners, and Neil Diamond, haha jk. I love coding, cooking, Movies, and working out sometimes lol




Josh Wentworth


Josh Wentworth


BA in music from UCSC, focus in string bass, with jazz and electronic music minors.
3 years ago I started Britelite Immersive www.blisf.com with 5 other founding members, and was lead engineer and technical director up until 6 months ago when I decided to branch out and try my hand at freelancing.


Oakland


I love to build tools to interact with and control emerging technologies. Motion tracking, beacons, VR/AR. I've done a lot of development with microcontrollers, sensors, and controllable lighting. https://vimeo.com/43490194 a project I wrote all of the control software for in Max/MSP and am particularly proud of.


I've been using Max/MSP for data routing, generative video, and dmx lighting control for about 10 years. Learned Touch Designer for projection mapping and touchscreen application development about 6 years ago.
Heavily into python for 3 years used mostly for social media streams. Twitter/Instagram etc.


I got into programming as a VJ, controlling video and lighting for events based on camera feeds and musical analysis. For fun now I build analogue synthesizers and stage pieces for touring artists. I'm actually writing this setting up for the Grammys in LA where I have a few pieces backstage for the celebrities to play with.




Laura Curley


Laura Curley


I got interested in coding while trading currencies as a hobby. Learning some basic programming helped me backtest my trading ideas fast. At some point I accidentally fell in love with programming and started to teach myself more.
Before HR, I worked in LAMP stack as a Junior Web Developer at a startup in Australia. I did a lot of simple PHP api scripts to integrate CRMs with Mailchimp/Mandrill/Zendesk/Twilio/etc.
￼￼

Byron Bay, Australia -> Fairfax, Virginia (Native of the DC Burbs)


Cross-platform apps, web apps, new types of networks (i.e. surely we can transcend social networks), anything that makes peoples' lives easier.


HTML, CSS, JS, PHP, MySQL, some dabbling with classes in Java, Python and Swift, Obj-C.


I am a connoisseur of dogs. I am reasonably certain that my retired horse, Belle, thinks I'm retarded. I love yoga, meditation and paradoxes (I'm a vegan who occasionally eats hamburgers). Conscious design thinking and design processes make me happy... meta-cognition makes the world better faster. I'm American but have been living in Australia for the past 7 years.




Sylvia Yanakieva


Sylvia Yanakieva [ja-NA-kee-e-vah]


I studied Economics & Finance (Vienna, Austria & Oxford, England)
Then went to work for an investment bank in the City
Then helped out some friends with two start-ups, which is how I got interested in coding


I live in London, England. I'm originally Bulgarian


Web / mobile apps


Minimal, mostly through online courses


I enjoy skiing, surfing (the majority of the time I'm pretty bad at it but I still love it), playing backgammon. I love Portuguese food: octopus rice is my all time favourite dish and sweet potato cake my all time favourite dessert.




Travis Carson


Travis Carson


Dropped out of college to play professional poker for 5 years or so, then went back to school in Colorado to finish studying mechanical & aerospace engineering. I've been working as a mechanical engineer for an aerospace component company in the Los Angeles area for the past year.


Los Angeles, CA


cryptocurrencies, startups, control systems, agorism


I took a class in Visual Basic, taught myself MATLAB, pretty good with Microsoft Excel


Just now making living arrangements for HR.. stress = fun! :)




Ashwin Ravi


Ashwin Ravi [Ahh-schwin Rah-vee]


After graduating from the University of Michigan, worked in finance for 5 years (investment banking and growth investing). Spent the last two years as a user acquisitions manager for Lumosity.


Live in SF


EdTech, digital health, marketplaces, web subscription


None prior to October, when I started prepping for HR


Summited Mt. Kilimanjaro. Currently learning improv, and recently had my first performance




Thomas Ingalls


Thomas Ingalls [tahm-iss ing-gulls]


Studied biology, biochemistry at McGill University. Worked for 2 years in a lab there. Also worked at Life Technologies for 2 years here in the bay. Helped get the citizen science movement off the ground in Montreal.


Montreal, Quebec, Canada.


Machine learning / AI / biotech / open science / education. More specifically, I get excited about protein structure / function prediction, biocatalysts, modeling of
microevolutionary processes. I really like how models can reveal to us how the world works. I'm also really interested in how the world of big data can help scientists cross disciplines.


Fell in love with coding using R to replace Excel, proprietary data analysis tools. Continued to take a few online classes in Python and Javascript. Have been building bad websites (sorry, the internet) for friends and family since 2008, more for fun than profit. Briefly worked at a tech startup in Montreal prior to HR.


J'ai appris à préparer des crêpes en Bretagne, la région d'origine de la crêpe. I also make the objectively best chocolate chip cookies.




Bo Sanders


Bo Sanders


Besides working on personal project, previously; I worked at an advertising agency doing search engine optimization.


Atlanta, Georgia!


Machine Learning, AI, clean energy, internet of things, array of things, space exploration and other nerdy things


Javascript and Ruby


I recently started practicing a type of martial arts called tricking. It is basically a training discipline that combines martial arts kicks with flips and twists from gymnastics as well as many dance moves and styles from breakdancing.




Reid Greer


Reid Greer (Yep, like read a book).


Practicing! But before that, I've worked in a slew of industries, such as service, marketing, and heavy industry. Doing everything from grunt work to small and medium size team management. Worked for several years doing HTML templates and managing CMSs.


Chillicothe, IL. It's a tiny town next to Peoria, IL. And if you don't know where that is...about 2 hours from Chicago :)


I hold front end stuff near and dear. So UI and UX are some of my favorite topics. But AI and deep learning are some concepts I'd like to explore more.


I have a deep love of HTML and CSS, no matter what anyone says! I've also got a (very minimal) working knowledge of PHP and MySQL.


I'm certified to manage a restaurant anywhere in the U.S., and also able to train people for basic food safety! Oddly enough, I'm still a terrible cook.




Lizzy Harris


Lizzy Harris


I studied literature and French in college. I starting getting into journalism and discovered data￼visualization along the way. So I tacked on a CS minor to my English degree. After graduating this past June I worked for a company called Girls Who Code and now I am here!


Originally from a town in Northern California close to Tahoe --> Santa Cruz, --> lived in Paris for a bit, --> currently living in San Francisco.


Data visualization is pretty cool. I'm into visual storytelling. Nytimes interactive news desk and FiveThirtyEight make beautiful things. I still appreciate calculators. I like my iphone.


A minor in CS, dabbled in a lot of things to complete that: C, Java, Python, D3.js, Assembly Language (my worst nightmare), Android, Natural Language Processing, nothing in javascript or much web before I discovered HR!


I really like taking pictures. I also like books: David Sedaris is a genius. I paint sometimes. My birthday was yesterday! I listen to massive amount of podcasts weekly. I like blueberries and pickles and I probably drink too much sparkling water.




Hao Huang


Hao Huang [how hu-wong]


I studied biomedical engineering at UC Berkeley and Duke. After graduation, I worked in finance and strategy at a F200 biotech company.


Santa Monica, CA
￼

Mobile health, machine learning, computer security, quant algos, signals


Designed basic websites in high-school and early-college. Proficient with MATLAB, discrete numerical models. Dabbled with Java, PHP, R, VB scripts.


I love traveling (domestic & international). I recently returned from The Netherlands where I visited a small town called Geldrop. Apparently, in the mid 90s Geldrop decided to renovate the district when someone noticed the streets formed a ring-like pattern. Many new street names were needed, so they named all of the streets after Lord of the Rings characters: ie. Gandalf, Saruman, Aragorn.




Kim Curran


Kim Curran [pronounced CUR RIN]


I graduated from Boston College back in May with a degree in Marketing and realized I didn't want to do anything related to it. So, I traveled to Hong Kong and Hawaii, then moved to SF in August. Somehow I got roped into making a website for a film festival out here, even though I had no clue how to. Right around that time I started to seriously look into HR and some other programming bootcamps.


Already in San Francisco :)


User experience. Web design. Quite frankly I just love the prospect of being able to conceptualize and bring ideas to life.


Not much beyond frantically teaching myself HTML and CSS back in August.


I was born in Hong Kong and lived there for eight years growing up. Unfortunately I still can't speak Mandarin or Cantonese for the life of me, but I did get a chance to meet Jackie Chan one time.
I went on a yoga retreat the other week and I've never been hungrier in my life.




Jin Bok


Jin Bok


I have been working as a coal dehydration plant sales manager past a few years.
I am a California realtor.
I used to own a business in Berkeley.


What city are you coming from to be here at HR? 
Seoul, Korea


Machine Learning, always been very interested in this subject matters server side > front-end


It’s always been a hobby.


In college, people called me ‘gin&tonic'




Kani Munidasa


Kani (Sounds like funny but with a K) Full Name : Kani Munidasa


I have been working in the tech industry but on the operations and services side of the business.
So coding is all new to me, more details on my professional background HERE.


I ended up in San Francisco 4 years ago after starting my trip in the early 90's in Colombo, Sri Lanka onto Tokyo, Japan then Boston, MA and finally here in San Francisco.


Gadgets and robots.


Barely any prior to prepping for HackReactor.


Love food, travel and taiko.




Mo Naqvi


Muhammad Naqvi -Mow (as in 'I mow the lawn') ha (as in 'ha! that was funny') med (as in 'medicine') Naq (as in 'knock on wood') vi (as in 'weeeeee!').
Most of my friends just call me Mo.


I was in Investment Banking and then Hedefund(ing?) for the past 4 years. Before that, NYU Stern majoring in Finance, Economics, and Information Systems. Before that, it gets hazy.


New York, NY with a transit through Mazatlan, Mexico.


Literally everything. I want to start creating and never stop.


Matlab, VBA and a bit of HTML before I started studying for Hack Reactor.


I love learning new languages and traveling. Everything I own fits comfortably in 2 suitcases. I first got a smartphone exactly 1 year ago (Pantech Slate ftw).
I also love foosball, so I hope you're up for the challenge, Gloria.
￼￼python. Completely new to javascript!




Jonathen Chen 


Jonathen Chen


I was a full time student at University of British Columbia studying business(finance & real estate).


I hail from the great white north! Canada!! Specifically from Vancouver!


Pretty open minded about everything but quite interested in game engine and software/apps.


Lots of C++ & algorithm concepts. Some experience with


Absolute sports junkie(hockey,football,basketball) and casual gamer that loves to read(fantasy & science fiction). Between those three there isn't much time for anything else! Also was a competitive sniper though i don't look the part!
