Shane Hubbell


Shane Hubbell (I'm the guy in the picture)


Technology investment banking a.k.a. advising technology companies through mergers, acquisitions, and capital raises.


I just moved to a tiny apartment in NoPa, so San Francisco!


Block chain and it's applications across industries, financial technology involved in everything from crowd funding to mega-  mergers, and micro-services.


Just a bunch of studying for Hack Reactor.


I had to push Hack Reactor start date twice, and I'm pretty sure admissions may want to kill me. Sorry again, Sarah!




Chris Ng


Chris Ng (can pronounce it "ing")


Finance at a tech company


San Francisco - have been living a couple minutes down the street in Soma
  - Lived in the midwest/south as a kid for a while


Music streaming, MOOCs, peer-to-peer payments/banking


Studying for Hack Reactor and pre-coursework


Huge sports fan (SF Giants + Warriors + Niners), listen to music 25/7




Will Tang


Will Tang


Before Hack Reactor I worked at a small biotech firm for 2.5ish years.


I grew up and went to college in the Bay Area. I live in the peninsula right now and will move to SF when class starts.


Really enjoy solving algorithm problems


Basically just bootcamp prep.


- UCB grad
- Love Pokemon




Sepehr Vakili


Sepehr Vakili ( se-pehr va-ki-li )


I was a product manager for a company in Malaysia where we built an online academy for personal development.


I was born in Iran, grew up in Georgia lived in Asia/Europe/Middle East the last 4 years. I'll be coming in from Atlanta. Super stoked never been to the west coast!


Online learning, music apps, apps that connect people.


Code School, Fulcrum, previously, I built a few apps with Ruby on Rails (primarily back-end APIs).


- Anything outdoors/nature esp. hiking mountains / high altitudes.
- All sorts of music, a lot of international stuff, I listen to music a lot. - Travelled/lived/worked in 25 countries so far.




  Mario Yeung


Mario Yeung


Before Hack Reactor I graduated from a community college with an associate degree in Computer Science


I was born in Hong Kong and had lived in there for 20 years. Three years ago I moved to United States, and have been living in Reno (a city in Nevada).


I like algorithm the most because I like abstract and logical thinking. Other interests include, but are not limited to, using modern technology (especially apps and smart devices) to solve daily problems.


I have some C++ experience at school and preparation for Hack Reactor interview. Of course this doesn't mean I'm good at programming because the key thing is algorithm (i.e., designing a program and thinking) rather than syntax.


- I just went to Hong Kong to visit my family and friends. - I am a coffee nerd with a lot of coffee makers at home. - I rarely eat fast food.




Kani Munidasa


Full Name : Kani Munidasa


I have been working in the tech industry but on the operations and services side of the business.
So coding is all new to me.


I ended up in San Francisco 4 years ago after starting my trip in the early 90's in Colombo, Sri Lanka onto Tokyo, Japan then Boston, MA and finally here.


AI, Mobile Robotics and Tech Gadgets if that counts :-).


Barely any prior to prepping for HackReactor which started in mid January.


Love food/cooking, traveling and animals.
Don't judge please but have a canine child who has her own website.




  Brett Lensvelt


Brett Lensvelt (surname pronounced 'Lensfelt')


I guess I've done a bunch of different things in recent years, but originally from a financial services background.


I'm travelling from Johannesburg, South Africa.


Broad. Interest in apps that have application in the developing world, particularly providing access to services, education and opportunity; blockchain, and just generally getting the juices flowing solving logical problems.


Learned all my bad habits teaching myself Excel VBA while working in banks. Been working as an intern past few months at a dev firm while completing Fulcrum/HR prep.


- strong sense of adventure; travel above all else - sea, sun, bush etc. - lived and worked in London for ~8 years
- spent 2 years working as a safari guide here in South Africa
- music, people, all the usual stuff - it's all about the banter...
  Investments




Simon Situ


My name is Simon Situ.


Currently working as a credit risk analyst with the commercial real estate lending group at J.P. Morgan Chase. Just put in my two week notice :)


Born and raised in San Francisco.


Building functional applications. I have a lot of ideas and would love to be able to to build from them. I also have a thing for cool and minimalistic UI. Tech is exciting and always changing. I look forward to the challenge and career change!


Before 2016, absolutely 0. Enrolled in ReactorPrep Jan 4th and started my journey to Hack Reactor.


Car enthusiast especially german and exotics Crossfit
Basketball
Baseball
Football Cooking




  Ben Roa


Lewis Roa
Preferred: Ben


Bioinformatics related work at Bayer Cropscience in Sacramento.


Will be moving down from Davis. Originally from San Jose.


Apps, VR, Bioinformatics based tools / scripting Most modern tech.


Python scripting / basic web-development at Bayer. HR Precourse. Some C / C++ from UC Davis.


 UCD Grad
Powerlifting
TV shows -> It's Always Sunny, Archer EDM style music




 Jordan Tepper


Jordan Tepper


I graduated Rutgers University this past May with a degree in Electrical Engineering and worked ~6 months for NBCUniversal in NJ and LA.


I will be traveling from Florham Park, New Jersey. A suburb of New York.


Image processing, machine learning, big data, and Raspberry Pi.


Lots of MATLAB and a tiny amount of C++ during undergrad. Since about November trying to learn as
 much as I can online about web programing.


- I have improv shows regularly in NYC
- When I quit my job in January, I drove across the country LA --> NJ
- I love watching movies that make you think (ask me for one)
- Currently reading (very slowly) a book called Tubes about the physical internet. It is interesting to think that a few, thin underwater cables connect all the continents !




 Jinsoo Cha


My name is Jinsoo Cha. (Soo rhymes with boo)


I worked at Bloomberg as an analytics representative.


I have been living in SF for a little bit more than a year now, but before SF, I lived in LA, Minneapolis, Chicago, Bloomington (Indiana), China, Korea.


Music/musician discovery apps. B2B apps (technology for software engineers)


Started studying in Dec, 2015. No previous coding experience other than the pre-course materials.


-I designed the DJ & club music discovery app, which I am trying to program after HR.
-I speak 3.1 languages: English, Korean, Chinese, and a little bit of Japanese.
-I think SF is so cold....... I moved to California just because I thought it is warm all year. It is not. -I drove my truck from Chicago to California all by myself nonstop 15, 15, 12 hours.




Asif Ahmed


Asifuzzaman Ahmed ( Asif / Ah-sef for short / Ah-sef-uz-zah-man Ah- med full pronunciation)


I was born in Bangladesh, but I lost my accent growing up in the Midwest. I earned my bachelors in Chicago and worked with ad agencies and magazines before moving out to Los Angeles where I was the lead designer at a brewery.


Los Angeles, California.


One day we will be able to vote, apply for a driving license, and take part in approving/editing legislation from our own home. I’d like to help build that technology.


I'm self-taught.


- My dad used to be a sailor, my grandfather was an archeologist, my mom is a trained singer of classical
Bengali music
- I hiked to the top of Mt Whitney (14,500) and hiked the Not Incan Trail to Maccu Picchu last year (Incan Trail goes straight to Macchu Picchu, my route included zip lines).
- Friends got me into rock climbing last year, something that I want to continue exploring while in SF. There’s a couple of climbing gyms if anyone’s interested in coming with me.




 Nicole Skoglund


Nicole Skoglund (long o in the last name, same pronunciation as the ‘o’ in ‘nicole’).
Nic or Nicole is okay but not Nicky.


I have a BA in architecture, but have never really used it. I would describe myself as a jack of all trades, master of none. My most recent position was purchasing manager at a tiny mom-and-pop-style health foods shop. I’ve always gravitated towards small independent businesses, in terms of employment.


Saint Paul, MN. Grew up in Duluth (the port town on the tip of Lake Superior).


1) I like to understand How Things Work, in an expansive, general sense.
 2) When I think about ‘things that can help make the world a better place’, the two categories that come to mind are Education and Conflict Resolution. So, I’m interested in the ways that technology interfaces with these issues.
3) More specifically but still adequately vague: How to efficiently communicate/instruct programming concepts. Non- traditional educational models and access to. Visual representations of algorithm behavior. Would be curious to see a comparative analysis of the evolution of programming languages from a linguistic perspective. History of technology. How technology changes how we behave and view ourselves on a societal level. The digital divide and implications thereof.


I took programming 101 as an elective in my senior year of undergrad (Lisp? Java? I think?). I recall liking it, and being kinda bummed that I hadn’t discovered it earlier. Then I forgot about it, and later began teaching myself web design as a hobby. I picked up small freelance projects on and off during my 20s. I’ve dabbled in Linux, Drupal, Ruby on Rails. For years I’ve felt that I’m stuck at a plateau of what I can accomplish through isolated self- instruction, and I’m super excited that Hack Reactor represents the end of that limbo.


- I’m terrible at small talk, but have gotten better at faking it when required.
- Love travel, and lived/worked in New Zealand for two years.
- Love the Northwest. Planning to look for work in SF, Oregon or Washington post-HR.
- Love cats, but little dogs are ok too.
- Love Bikram yoga. Planning to visit the studio in North Beach on Sundays, for anyone who may be interested in joining me.
- Love minimalism.
- Don’t own a car. Prefer not to whenever it’s feasible.
- Would love a big garden, if I ever stay in one place long enough to grow one.
- I don’t really use social media, which is a bit like wearing an invisibility cloak.
- I haven’t seen Star Wars — any of them. Well, technically I have but I was like 6 so I don’t really remember it. No
spoilers.




Sehoon Park


Sehoon Park (first name pronounced Say- hoon).


I studied automotive design in an art school but realized that I wanted to be involved in the engineering side of things. I liked
 computers a bit more than cars so I decided to fiddle with code.


Seoul/Los Angeles.


 Mobile apps, cryptography, programming languages.


Studying for Hack Reactor.


I love eating any type of food.
I love listening to hip-hop music.
I love doing Vipassana (means “insight” in Pali) meditation.




 Leo Adelstein


Leo Adelstein


Freshman at College, currently work as software engineer at a local business


Seattle, Washington


Machine Learning, Big Data, Creation of Escapism (with modern technology)


A bit of everything, built mobile apps, websites and desktop applications.


Enjoy working out and reading.
Interested in Entrepreneurship, Psychology, Real Estate, Investing and Game Development.




 Aaron Freidus


Aaron Freidus
Pronounced: Free-dus (like bus with a d)


Working as a data analyst (read SAP/EXCEL junkie & food taster) at a large aviation catering company. (You all get one chance to ask me, 'What's the deal with airplane food.' I will be keeping a spreadsheet.)


Washington, DC*
*born and raised New Yorker


Private sector applications of VR, machine learning, retro gaming consoles, ridiculous IoT products


Fumbling around code school/freecodecamp/codewars. Writing macros for games. Java for a few years in HS.


- Lived in a rural persimmon farming village in Japan (Kudoyama, Wakayama) for a year. - Building a collection of Japanese whiskeys.
- I've been struck by lightning.
- Love to cook.
- Enjoy playing casual bridge (anyone want to learn how to play/form a group at HR?)




 Adam Lessen


Adam Lessen (like "lesson")


Been working in tech / SaaS sales for past 5.5 years


San Francisco, CA


Technologies that interact with and ultimately benefit people: automation, AI, machine-learning, intuitive GUIs, VR, etc


Some agent based modeling in college. Built a web crawler and some crude iOS apps lately as independent projects, but pretty light experience overall


- Love rock climbing (indoor and out)
- Enjoy cooking and beer
- Always down to check out installation, abstract, or otherwise interesting art




Gabe Fils


My name is Gabriel Fils. Last name pronounced "fills." You can call me Gabe, or "G."


Have been a Naval Officer / Naval Aviator and contract pilot for the last 17 years. Most recently I've been working various places overseas and also part-time stateside as a Naval Reserve flight instructor.


Grew up in Chicago and reside there now. I have lived many places in the U.S. and also have spent a lot of time outside the country.


Alternative OSs, Network/System Administration, Network Security, Algorithms, Optimization. I liked teaching (CS TA) and academia and aim to return to that eventually.


Graduated Loyola Univ Chicago with a CS degree in 2000, but outside of that have no practical coding experience. I do write a shell script from time to time.


- Driven to organize, minimize, and make things more efficient. - Enjoy reading, sci fi, retro gaming, wargaming.




Dan Fiore


Dan Fiore (fee-your-ā)


I've been working as an instructional designer, helping faculty develop their online courses, at the local CSU.


Eureka, CA.


 Tech that enhances lives, educational technology, music.


I graduated a long while back with a Computer Science degree and was a web developer for a few years. I've been out of it for 5+ years now and have been living in a somewhat remote location (for tech especially). I'm attending Hack Reactor as a way to become current, meet others who are passionate about programming, and get back into work I enjoy.


- Enjoy playing board games
- Enjoy listening to electronic music
- Enjoy eating spicy foods and putting too much sriracha on things




 Tai Huynh


I’m Anhtai Huynh (pronounced ‘and-thai whin’ (pretend you’re Stewie from Family Guy and say cool-whip, but instead of whip, it’s whin.))
Or you can just call me Tai.


 Mostly trying to stay out of trouble, really.
I’ve been working in B2B Sales for a wireless telecom company here in the bay area, and also doing music gigs and before that, shows in the Vietnamese community around the states for a while.


San Jose, just roughly a bit over an hour away from SF.


Definitely education, and anything else that could be made better (if not revolutionized) with technology, such as with AirBnB with the hospitality industry, Uber with the transportation industry, etc. My main interest in particular is audio engineering design and noise pollution, seeing that a lot of the spaces we're in are poorly designed acoustically (sound does matter!).
Security also comes into mind, especially as we’re moving towards a more connected world.


Absolutely none.


~ I used to BBoy (breakdance), parkour (free-running), and trick quite a bit in the past 1.5 * decade or so. Teachers and authorities have always had a love/hate relationship with it because they were scared that I’d get hurt. Never broken a bone in my entire life.
~ I used to write guides on how to breakdance on a now-defunct forum when I was 15-16.
~ I used to be a cheapass in high school and never wanted to pay the $10 to get into the dances, so I would scale my high school ‘big gym’ (which was about 3-4 stories high) to the roof from the outside, and sneak in from the top and make my way down to the inside. (I did this quite often and on all kinds of buildings, because people said it couldn’t be done, or because it seemed fun.
~ I studied to become a professional classical trombonist in college (think chamber music, or practicing orchestral excerpts to audition for a spot in a major symphony orchestra).
~ I gained 25-30 pounds over the last year. This is a major feat for me because it was practically impossible for a while.
~ I enjoyed my first-time international solo travel last year so much that I got into MS/CC churning. Because traveling shouldn’t be expensive.
~ I like a lot of Stevie Wonder's work.




Aezed Raza


Aezed Raza (Rhymes with spray-zed plaza)


So much. Most recently I've been running a small nonprofit in SF, doing international development. I'm also on a road trip down the California coast through the Southwest, currently in Vegas!


I've lived in SF for awhile, now in the Mission District.


Like many of you, I am very interested in the intersection of tech and education. I also think machine learning and AR/VR is going to be a really fun field moving forward.


CS degree from awhile ago that I didn't use much. A bit of C/C++ in the 90s. HR Fulcrum.


I really like to read. I like to play chess and M:tG. I used to ski a lot, and enjoy martial arts. I enjoy traveling, cooking, eating, and drinking.




 Andrew Phavichitr


Andrew Phavichitr (pronounced pa-vee-chee)


Been working at an IT consulting firm


SF


 IoT, Big Data, Machine Learning, Mobile


Java, Python, Perl, Groovy, Bash


Huge basketball fan
Used to game a lot (CS, Dota, CoD, WoW)
Enjoy hiking, traveling, eating, Netflix, and chilling




 Austin Baltes


Austin Baltes (pronounced Ball-t'is)


 Working at an Oil and Gas divestitures firm (selling stuff and a lot of PowerPoint :))


Houston


UI Design, Algorithms, Machine Learning, Developing for Corporations


Inundated in VBA, once upon a time, brushed on C++/C#/PHP/80x86


Like to run. Like fun clothes -- I think I've spent an unfortunate portion of my income on such :(.
I tried to learn how to sing before I came here, but only got so far: my dream is to go Christmas caroling someday and for people not to hate it or to be on stage someday for a legitimate talent. I like mingling and meeting new people; although after a while it sometimes hits me how exhausted I am. I do best when I'm moderately distracted -- I'm usually pacing in circles when I'm alone and working on something.
I like most people, but anxious people pose are emotionally challenging for me. So if that's you, you can probably help me become a better rounded and healthier person. We can be friends, albeit slightly uncomfortably. ;-) If you want to make money by cheating people (*angry face* urrrgghhhh!), then we will probably not be friends.
I'm wild at heart and enjoy an adventurous life. I am slow to make commitments, but am 100% once I'm decided, and I try to move as fast as I can before so I don't get interested in something else before I'm done. I love the prospect of joining Hack Reactor because I love the idea of working and learning with the best and that's what this is.




Andy Tran


Andy Tran


Worked as a T1 Customer Support Engineer for a data backup company.


San Jose


Big Data, Algorithms, DDoS Protection


C++ & Matlab in college, Javascript with HR


-TV shows: Better Call Saul, Game of Thrones -Games: CS:GO
-I love spicy food




 Mala Neti


Hi everyone! My name is Mala Neti.


A little bit about my life before Hack Reactor- I went to UC Berkeley where I studied Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering. After college, I've been working primarily in the biotech industry, first at a startup developing a microfluidics platform, and more recently at a health tech startup here in soma, helping to build a noninvasive wearable glucose sensor, as part of the R&D sensor development team.


I'm right here in sf! I was actually born and raised in the Bay Area, went to Cal, and worked in SF- so I basically never left haha.


I have a wide range of tech interests, but I'm specifically interested in machine learning, algorithms, big data, and data science especially as it related to biosensors and digital health technology. I also love playing around with my arduino and raspberry pi on occasion :)


The programming experience I have mostly comes from engineering at Berkeley, where I used a lot of Matlab, and from my internships/jobs in the tech and biotech industries, where I dabbled more in Python. More recently I've been doing a lot of self study in preparation for Hack Reactor!


There are a lot of things I love to do for fun- I love to sing, specifically acapella music. In college, I was part of an all girls acapella group where I sang as a bass, and did the occasional beatboxing as well :) Other than that, I love all things chemistry, cooking, meeting new people, and going on outdoor adventures in the city!




 Timothy Do


Timothy Do


Just recently got out of College. I've also been spending the last few years out in the boonies helping take care of some land left to my older brother and I.


Corsicana, Texas
Since I have family out in the Mountain View area, I've spent time in the Bay Area for a couple months per year every few years.


I'm interested in software development and big data analytics and how it can improve the accessibility of higher level education, especially MOOCs, and entertainment media.


I've taken a couple formal courses in school and used Matlab while at College; otherwise mostly self-taught Java and C++.


Although my taste palette is far from refined, I love eating and trying new foods (often at my body's expense!). Was an active player in the esports community for a couple years while in high school much to my family's chagrin.
An avid reader and an amateur writer in my free time.
Tucked away in a safety deposit box is a signed copy of Brandon Sanderson's Mistborn and Jim Butcher's Codex Alera because of reasons.




 Michael Daly


Michael Daly (Michael or Mike is fine)


I had been going to community college until winter 2014, when I found out about Hack Reactor through some people. I dropped out, started working full time, did Fulcrum, and now I'm here!


Sonoma, CA (about 20 minutes south of Santa Rosa)


Data and statistics are pretty cool, content production, games... I'd like to build a PC eventually, even though I don't have the money or know where to start


TorqueScript, JavaScript (obviously), some Java, PHP, a little tiny bit of C++


I've been playing the drums for about ten years and was in a band for three.




 Bill Ramsey


Bill Ramsey


I worked at a software company doing integration, consulting and support on document management software.


SF


Collaboration software, algorithms


Java, TCL, a smattering of others.


per the picture, I have been to the land of hobbits. travel, reading, food.




 Drew Kosta


Drew Kosta (rhymes with pasta)


Sales and data analysis


Grand Rapids, MI


Data science, machine learning, social media


Mostly Excel VBA - forecasting/reporting for a large organization of contact centers


I'm into music, economics, and cooking




 Matt Naing


Grisanu Naing (Gri-sa-nu Nai).
Preferred name: Matt


Recently (relatively) graduated with a BA is Geophysics last summer. Worked a while as a research associate at the Berkeley Seismological Laboratory.


Berkeley, CA and before that, Bangkok, Thailand


VC, AI, NLP, deep learning, tech related to Earth Sciences especially earthquakes


MATLAB and R quite extensively. A little of Javascript, CLISP and Python.


-I really love rock climbing and swimming, but haven’t really been doing much of either since I started college. -I also really like woodworking, having my own workshop has long been one of my life goals
-I cook a lot, especially Thai food.




 Aaron Brown


Aaron (A-A-Ron if you're a K&P Fan) Brown


 I am currently a tech recruiter at Lending Club. Before that I was a Country Director for a non-profit in Thailand, and have spent most of my career on the strategy side for International NGOs.


I live here in SF, but am originally from Ohio. I've been in CA for six years now.


● Machine Learning
● Hardware w/ JS UI
● Collaboration software with a focus on education and intercultural communication - Basically any
thing to help close the gap and lower barriers of entry for those peoples in emergent economies


I've played around with Ruby, Python, and Java, but have found JavaScript to be the language I really gravitate toward.


● Explorer not a settler. Give me a ticket to Mars!
● Still have one baby tooth.
● Grew up in Ohio, and still support my home-state, but will never live there again; I hate winters.
● If I could, I would survive on mangoes, avocados, and fried chicken.
● Love board games, and when you combine that with sunshine, the park, and wine, you've just
described my Saturday. ● Yes, I love watermelon.




 Erin Kavanaugh


Erin Kavanaugh


Working at startups and tech companies. Most recently working at Earnest.


SF! Right nearby HR in Nob Hill


Very interested in financial tech, bitcoin, and mobile. I'd love to work on products that promote financial literacy or make financial decisions more accessible.


Learning Javascript to prep for Hack Reactor, some small projects at work.


Did a weeklong Singularity University course that first got me interested in technology as a career. I previously started worked on a alternative lending platform with friends. I love hiking, exploring the bay area and traveling. I've lived abroad in Spain and the UK. I'm a big reader and enjoy to cook.




 Albert Han


My name's Albert Han. I go by the creative nickname of Albert. I'm the crazy one on the right. The crazy one one the left was my climbing partner when I lived in Shanghai.


Well... I was born in Los Angeles...
 [300 pages later]
Last July came back from two years of backpacking, and since then, it's been all about Hack Reactor!


Shanghai, or I guess you could say LA too.


I'd like to do some green good by working on something such as climate change or food conservation.


Studied applied math and have a bit of research under my belt. Most of my past experience is with Matlab and Python, but nothing serious. Also did some freelance work.


- I forgot to hit 'reply to all'. Ugh.
- Four C's. Cook, code, climb, crossfit. That's what I do and each of them brings happiness to my life :). By the way, if anyone climbs, let me know!




 Dan Conger


Dan Conger Note: That's me on the right of my photo just in case you weren't sure which one I was ;)


 I'm currently finishing up an MBA degree from Brigham Young University. I was working in the financial services industry before finding coding.


Salt Lake City, UT


I would say machine learning and distributed systems definitely pique my interest. I'm also a fan of the quantified self movement, so IoT related to the digital health technologies are pretty awesome too!


Mostly JavaScript, but I've had the chance to take a few CS classes on the side during my time at school where I've used Python.


I'm from a city called Niceville, FL. Hopefully you guys find that my personality fits my hometown. I'm always looking for fun new hobbies. The past year I've really gotten into rock climbing. And I've been practicing mixed martial arts (MMA) for the past 3 years pretty consistently.




 Kat Hao


My name is Katherine Hao, pronounced "how". I like being called Kat or Katherine.


Before Hack Reactor, I was studying and working in Hong Kong for the past 7 years. I was studying marketing and working in marketing and after that I started teaching.


I am originally from the Bay Area, but have lived in Asia for the past decade. So it is nice to be back.


I am interested in gaming and solving puzzles.


Reactor prep


I was originally in HR 43, then 44 and now back to 43! I use to teach babies-toddlers.




 Jack Zhang


Jack Zhang. I'm on the right - the other guy is my older brother.


I've been taking a gap year between high school and college - most recently I've been interning at a nanotech startup, though before that I spent two months as a research volunteer in the Peruvian Amazon.


Philadelphia


I would say Machine Learning, Algorithms, possibly even Computational Linguistics. I suppose I'll have my undergrad to explore those in more depth!


A few months' worth of self-taught web dev. I've touched some Matlab and Python, though nothing too serious.


Seeking fellow Game of Thrones enthusiasts
Love spicy food
I like to paint landscapes, though I've haven't had much time for painting recently :p




 Emily Forst


Hiya! I’m Emily.


Since 2012, I’ve been a touring musician. Here’s some of my music: www.soundcloud.com/emilyforst I toured mostly in the US and a bit in Europe. My favorite city is Copenhagen.


Currently, I’m in Wisconsin. I was born in NYC.


I think algorithms are fascinating. Especially AI algorithms. I’m also fascinated with mazes and algorithms that can be used to build/traverse mazes.


I mostly code in Ruby and tinkered a bit with Scheme. I’ve been interested in functional programming since a talk I saw in November on Lambda Calculus, so I’m excited for all things functional in JS.


-I really like origami and am looking for an origami Meetup in San Francisco.
-I also have a mild chocolate addiction and if you have chocolate we will instantly be friends.
-Due to said chocolate addiction, I would ideally like to exercise more and will be trying to surround myself with the runners/athletes in the group so that I can pick up some of your enthusiasm.




 Steven Huynh


Hi! Just call me Steven. For some reason, a lot of adults call me Steve.


I've been doing some career soul-searching where I had a position as a bio-technician, marketing intern, sales-
 support specialist while tutoring some students in math and biology. I took some computer science courses on the side and I feel this career path will be the one!


North San Jose


Everything especially on personal electronics, transportation and games. I'm really into cars such as Tesla, a huge Motorola fan cause of their features and Google for their innovations.


Took classes at a community college in C++, Java and other random computer courses. Learned a bunch of Ruby when I attended AppAcademy's Jumpstart Program. Javascript, HTML and CSS from Code Academy.


- I enjoy playing any type of sport but my favorites would be biking, tennis and running.
- Driving is considered a hobby for me. Traffic doesn't bother me too much as long as I have EDM on.
- Food is life and I love trying and cooking new dishes.
- I'm super into politics and am very up to date with the election campaign. #FeeltheBern
- I love a good well written story. I wrote and directed a few scripts during high school and wrote a play about the Vietnam War in college that made it to full production.




 Chris Haug


Hey everyone! I'm Chris. That pic was in the Philippines (where my mom is from) with some amazing kids teaching me Tagalog :)


 Been building a SaaS startup called HeavenHR, mostly on the BizDev and Product side. Studied Management at LSE and Industrial Engineering in Germany before. Did another startup in the past selling advertisement space in the frames of bikes.


Currently living in Berlin. Before that in many different places but calling a small town in the South of Germany my home.


Bitcoin and the Blockchain, EdTech especially for developing countries, bots and anything related with AI and human-machine-interactions.


Some Java during my B.Sc. Went to a few hackathons during my MBA exchange at Duke, where I did a lot of copy and paste with Bootstrap templates.
Recently diving deeper into JavaScript (as all of you I guess^^).


- I lived and worked as a rice farmer in the Philippines last year
- Spent a high school year in Santiago (Chile), which is equal to my second name :) - Been moving every 3-6 months to a different place over the last 3 years
- Did Business Intelligence for a sex toy e-commerce startup
 born in Ukraine and raise in San Francisco




Daniel Rabinovich


Daniel


I worked in software QA for 4 years.


-


AI, robots and the internet of things.


I have some experience with java and ruby mainly with test automation (selenium webdriver)


Im a big fan of history and science. Done some traveling before Hack Reactor. New York , London and Israel. Looking forward to learning as much as i can with people who share my interest in coding.
